docs(framework) Update instructions in quickstart compose guide (#4409)
adap/flower: doc/source/docker/run-quickstart-examples-docker-compose.rst

   .. code-block:: bash
       :substitutions:

>        $ curl https://raw.githubusercontent.com/adap/flower/refs/heads/main/src/docker/complete/compose.yml \

Reviewer: Can we update the link to the commit where we set the version to 1.12.0? I noticed that if we use main, the files won’t work once I merge the Docker Compose changes for 1.13.0.
```suggestion
       $ curl https://raw.githubusercontent.com/adap/flower/24b2861465431a5ab234a8c4f76faea7a742b1fd/src/docker/complete/compose.yml \
```

       $ curl https://raw.githubusercontent.com/adap/flower/refs/tags/v|stable_flwr_version|/src/docker/complete/compose.yml \
           -o compose.yml

3. Export the version of Flower that your environment uses. Then, build and start the
   services using the following command:

>    .. code-block:: bash
> 
>        $ export FLWR_VERSION="1.12.0" # update with your version

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   .. code-block:: bash
       :substitutions:

       $ export FLWR_VERSION="|stable_flwr_version|" # update with your version
```
